Adding page for cnn image classification video (#2892)
CodingTrain/website: _learning/ml5/8.4-cnn-image-classification.md

---
title: "ml5.js: Training a Convolutional Neural Network for Image Classification"
video_number: 8.4
date: 2020-11-20
video_id: hWurN0XhzLY
web_editor: ogxO8har_
repository: ml5/8.4-cnn-image-classification
can_contribute: true

links:
  - title: "Gradient-Based Learning Applied to Document Recognition"
    url: "http://yann.lecun.com/exdb/publis/pdf/lecun-01a.pdf"

videos:
  - title: "ml5.js: What is a Convolutional Neural Network Part 2 - Max Pooling"
    author: "The Coding Train"
    url: "/learning/ml5/8.3-cnn-2"
  - title: "ml5.js: Train a Neural Network with Pixels"
    author: "The Coding Train"
    url: "/learning/ml5/8.1-pixels-input"
  - title: "Teachable Machine 1: Image Classification"
    author: "The Coding Train"
    url: "/TeachableMachine/1-teachable-machine"
---

> Welcome back! In this video take my image classification example from a previous tutorial and change it to be a convolutional neural network.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Welcome back! In this video, I update the previous classification example (with pixels) and incorporate a convolutional neural network in ml5.js!
```
